add python protect your api QS (#3160)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/protect-your-api/main/python/configmid.md

> 1. Create a new file called `.okta.env` in your project root, containing the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new file called `.okta.env` in your project root that contains the following:
```

```bash
ORG_URL=https://${yourOktaDomain}
```

> 2. Replace the placeholder with your own value obtained earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Replace the placeholder with your own value that you obtained earlier.
```
